# Machine Learning Project: Human Resources

This is a Machine Learning project to classify employees who may resign from the company using the scikit-learn library and Python. The goal of this project is to demonstrate how to train a Machine Learning model to classify which employees have some propensity to resign.

## Dataset
The dataset used in this project is the human resources dataset. The dataset can be found [here](https://www.kaggle.com/pavansubhasht/ibm-hr-analytics-attrition-dataset).

## Prerequisites
Make sure you have the following libraries installed:

- Python 3.x
- scikit-learn
- NumPy
- Pandas
- Matplotlib (for visualizations)
- Tensorflow
  
You can install these libraries using pip:

```
pip install scikit-learn numpy pandas matplotlib
```
## Installation
Clone the repository to your local machine:
```
git clone https://github.com/RfaelSantos/Human_Resources.git
```
Navigate to the project directory:
```
cd Human_Resources
```
Run the Jupyter Notebook or Python script:
```
jupyter notebook Case_Study_Human_Resources.ipynb
```
or
```
python Case_Study_Human_Resources.py
```
## Model Training
In the Case_Study_Human_Resources.ipynb file, you will find the code for loading the dataset, preprocessing the data, training the classification model, and evaluating its accuracy. The model used is a Logistic Regression classifier.

## Results
The trained model achieved an accuracy of 89% in classifying employees in the test set. You can find visualizations of the results in the notebook or in the graphs generated by the script.

## Contributions
Contributions are welcome! If you want to improve this project, feel free to fork the repository and submit a pull request.

## Contact
If you have any questions or suggestions, please feel free to contact [your name] via email: [your email].







